Software Engineering Explore Intern
India, Multiple Locations, Multiple Locations
Apply now

Add to cart


Matched for
Computer Science
Science

Job description

Company and benefits
Job number
200016777
Date posted
Dec 15, 2025
Work site
Fully on-site
Travel
Less than 25%
Profession
Software Engineering
Discipline
Software Engineering
Role type
Individual Contributor
Employment type
Internship
Overview
At Microsoft, Explore Program Interns work on real-world projects in 
collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. 
You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and 
achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to 
life while working on cutting-edge technology.

Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on 
the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth 
mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared 
goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and 
accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at 
work and beyond


Responsibilities
Responsibilities:
Gain hands-on experience with various tools and programming 
languages in the field of software development.
Work closely with your Manager, Mentors, and a group of interns to 
evaluate requirements, estimate costs, create and implement features 
and services.
Experience core tech disciplines (Technical Program Manager or 
Product Manager, and Software Engineer) during the 12-week 
internship.


Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
Pursuing a bachelor's degree
Enrolled in second year of a 4-year undergraduate degree program at time of application
Completed an Introduction to Computer Science course (or equivalent class) by the start of theprogram.
Preferred Qualifications:
Demonstrated interest in majoring in computer science, computer 
engineering, software engineering or related technical major. 

This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled.


Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.
