Ramp



Software Engineer Internship | Forward Deployed

Location

New York, NY (HQ)

Employment Type

Intern

Location Type

Hybrid

Department

Engineering

Compensation

$11.7K per month

The final compensation will depend on the location and level at which the candidate is hired.

Overview

Application

About Ramp

At Ramp, we're rethinking how modern finance teams function in the age of AI. We believe AI isn't just the next big wave. It's the new foundation for how business gets done. We're investing in that future — and in the people bold enough to build it.

Ramp is a financial operations platform designed to save companies time and money. Our all-in-one solution combines payments, corporate cards, vendor management, procurement, travel booking, and automated bookkeeping with built-in intelligence to maximize the impact of every dollar and hour spent. More than 45,000 businesses, from family-owned farms to e-commerce giants to space startups, have saved $10B and 27.5M hours with Ramp. Founded in 2019, Ramp powers the fastest-growing corporate card and bill payment platform in America, and enables over $100 billion in purchases each year.

Ramp's investors include Thrive Capital, Sands Capital, General Catalyst, Founders Fund, Khosla Ventures, Sequoia Capital, Greylock, and Redpoint, as well as over 100 angel investors who were founders or executives of leading companies. The Ramp team comprises talented leaders from leading financial services and fintech companies—Stripe, Affirm, Goldman Sachs, American Express, Mastercard, Visa, Capital One—as well as technology companies such as Meta, Uber, Netflix, Twitter, Dropbox, and Instacart.

Ramp has been named to Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies list and LinkedIn's Top U.S. Startups for more than 3 years, as well as the Forbes Cloud 100, CNBC Disruptor 50, and TIME Magazine's 100 Most Influential Companies.

NOTE: This is for Winter & Summer 2026, we'll start hiring for Fall 2026 internships in January :)

About the Role

Being a part of Forward Deployed Engineering (FDE), you will design and build solutions to support our largest customers and scale our enterprise motion. FDE is a high-pace, customer-facing, business-focused engineering team, and we pave the way for Ramp to support the largest and most complex organizations in the world.

On FDE, you will interact directly with customers and deliver solutions end to end — from understanding pain points and shaping product decisions to designing and implementing scalable systems. We are a full stack team and collaborate closely with sales and go-to-market teams.

Explore our Engineering Blogs to learn more!

Forward Deployed Engineering @ Ramp

FDE Internship @ Ramp

Emerging Talent Blog

What You'll Do

Deliver solutions end to end that meet the needs of our largest, strategic customers — understanding user pain points, scoping product specs, and designing and building software.

Collaborate closely with our sales and go-to-market teams to close exciting deals, activate customers, and expand the value Ramp provides over time. We work with and support huge, world-class companies at the scale of $100B+ in valuation.

Drive our core product engineering roadmap and make important prioritization and scoping decisions that determine when we build custom solutions vs. accelerate larger existing projects. Our team uses an embedding model where FDEs embed within core product engineering teams to develop expertise in the most relevant technical areas.

Solve technical challenges to support new levels of scale, and help us develop and execute our strategy to grow our enterprise platform. For example, extending our data model for roles and permissions, seamlessly integrating with 3rd party systems with generalized data exports, and ingesting HRIS data at scale.

What You Need

Currently pursuing a B.S. (or higher) in Computer Science or a related technical field, with an expected graduation date between Dec 2026 - 2028

Track record of shipping high quality products and features or a portfolio of side projects

Ability to turn business and product ideas into engineering solutions

Desire to work in a fast-paced environment, continuously grow, and master your craft

Alignment with Ramp's core values of enabling businesses to grow more by spending less

Benefits (for U.S.-based full-time employees)

100% medical, dental & vision insurance coverage for you

Partially covered for your dependents

One Medical annual membership

401k (including employer match on contributions made while employed by Ramp)

Flexible PTO

Fertility HRA (up to $5,000 per year)

WFH stipend to support your home office needs

Wellness stipend

Parental Leave

Relocation support to NYC or SF (as needed)

Pet insurance

Referral Instructions

If you are being referred for the role, please contact that person to apply on your behalf.

Other notices

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Ramp Applicant Privacy Notice

Apply for this Job

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Powered by 

Privacy PolicySecurityVulnerability Disclosure

---

ADDITIONAL CONTENT FROM RAMP ENGINEERING BLOGS:

---

Forward Deployed Engineering

Leo Mehr

–

August 5, 2025

Forward Deployed Engineering (FDE) has become the hottest new role in tech 🔥

"Why the Forward Deployed Engineer Is the Hottest Job in Startups" - a16z

"Forward-deployed engineers have become one of the most strategic assets in enterprise AI companies" - Foundation Capital

"2025: The Year Of The Forward-Deployed Software Engineer" - Crunchbase, Felicis Ventures

The future of B2B software will belong to teams that can integrate faster, customize deeper, and learn directly from customers — that's why FDE is exploding. This post covers the history of the role, lessons from starting and scaling FDE at Ramp, and advice for those building customer-facing engineering teams.

What is FDE?

Palantir famously created the role after its founding in 2003 for software engineers literally deployed at military sites and customer offices. This allowed engineers to work extremely closely with customers, understand their problems, and iterate quickly.

For over 10 years, it was niche and specific to Palantir, but in the late 2010s it started to proliferate. Scale AI and C3.ai adopted the exact same title, and Databricks and Snowflake built similar functions. These companies had a similar trait in common — complex software deployments with huge contracts that benefitted from highly integrated, custom implementations.

Now, the role and variants of customer engineering are becoming ubiquitous in nearly every top B2B company — OpenAI, Anthropic, Databricks, Ramp, and countless earlier-stage AI startups such as Sierra, Decagon, LangChain, ElevenLabs, etc.

The role differs at each based on org size, customer base, deployments, and the boundaries of ownership with other solutions functions. But at it's core it remains the same — to deliver value to customers with the highest speed and quality.

Why has it grown so much?

FDE's growth starts with why B2B companies must serve enterprise.

It's clear that the largest B2B SaaS businesses in the world win in enterprise. And it's not just market cap size, but also the growth rates of these businesses. The average CAGR (compound annual growth rate) of the non-enterprise group is 15.2%, and of the enterprise group is 29.6%.

If you want to win in enterprise, you must be able to deeply customize and effectively implement your software. Enterprise customers have complex, legacy systems that have been around for decades, processes and workflows that must be replaced — and often these must be integrated with the software you're providing.

This Foundation Capital article gives a compelling explanation why companies focusing on enterprise must provide exceptional quality of service, and why it's so hard. B2B businesses are not delivering software, but outcomes, and "how you integrate, embed, and operate becomes the moat."

And to achieve these outcomes, they observe that "Forward-deployed engineers have become one of the most strategic assets in enterprise AI companies."

FDE at Ramp

FDE at Ramp was born from the necessity of scaling enterprise. The company was founded in 2019, but it wasn't until fall 2023 that FDE started to take shape when Calvin jumped in to help support our very largest customers. I joined a team of two engineers and in the early days we were constantly fighting fires and simply trying to survive.

Since then, we've nearly 10x'd and grown into a respected, thriving team within the organization focused on doing right by our customers. We rallied around a simple mission — to win in enterprise. As our team grew and progressed states from falling behind to innovating (see Will Larson's model of team states), we were able to expand our focus beyond just serving our individual largest customers. Today, FDE builds generalized features, platforms, and AI that increase our rate of reaching product-market fit in Enterprise, and that enable massive new segments like healthcare and government.

AI has been a crucial part of our team's recent growth as well. We are very heavy users of Cursor and Claude Code, and have GenAI projects across all of our pods to build platform functionality that accelerates our ability to serve the complex needs of our enterprise customers.

Here's what we learned over the past several years about how to run and grow our FDE team.

Team operating model: map to the customer lifecycle

We work with customers through their entire lifecycle: from when they are prospects in the sales funnel, to implementation and rollout, to long-tail support. This has multiple benefits:

We maintain context about each customer which helps with continuity of important relationships and understanding of nuances in their environment and preferences.

We are able to start scoping early and reduce the complexity of certain asks, pushing back where appropriate. This is the first step of Elon's algorithm: question every requirement. Scoping is crucial for FDE because it allows us to deliver value more quickly to our customers and simply to get more done.

We stay accountable for long-term customer success, not just moving them to closed/won, not just completing implementation, but ensuring they continue getting the full value of Ramp even after they've onboarded.

The early days were chaotic and very demanding with a small team. In order to become more sustainable and deliver on our commitments, we needed focus. We used the following prioritization as our guide:

🤲 Serve existing customers well. The product must actually work well for enterprise customers, otherwise growth doesn't make sense. It also increases opportunity for positive reference checks and mitigates churn risk, both of which are crucial for growth.

🏎️ Increase efficiency of onboarding and activating new customers. Implementation is the most complex and demanding part of enterprise — it's usually the bottleneck on our ability to scale.

📈 Expand our product capabilities to increase our TAM. After several months, we had the bandwidth to look forward and decide where to invest. By proactively identifying the biggest product gaps and investing in new capabilities, we've enabled our sellers and fueled faster growth.

FDE Principles

In the last year and a half, our team grew from 2 to 16 FDEs and expanded to multiple new product domains and verticals. Several themes surfaced in our work and we've developed them into our core team principles:

Always be scoping

Before FDE, there was a pattern that we observed across teams and in other companies. A customer would ask for something, the AE or CSM would figure out the scope and deliver it to product engineering, and they would scope out a mega-project that would take months to deliver. The project would lag behind schedule, requirements would change (possibly taking into account the customer's actual needs), and eventually everyone would be frustrated — the customer, the AE/CSM, the PMs, and the engineers. It is a lose-lose situation that unfortunately occurs all too often.

Our goal in FDE has been to prevent this from ever happening. When a customer asks for something, we talk directly to them and question all requirements. A couple months ago, one customer in onboarding was blocked by a feature gap that we estimated would take ~3 days of eng work. We hopped on a call with them and figured out a workaround right there — if we had taken the request at face value, it would have needlessly cost us multiple engineer-days.

We have countless stories where we prevent days or even weeks of eng work by deeply questioning and understanding requirements, thinking creatively about workarounds or how to generalize a solution, or otherwise making a quick hack to buy time for a core roadmap feature to ship.

Just like sales' "always be closing", the main FDE mantra is "always be scoping".

Generalize our work

Though we solve for individual customer's needs, we always strive to generalize our work. We frequently ask: do I hack something together for a customer, or take more time to build something hundreds or thousands of customers will use? We prefer the general feature because good interfaces and platforms are what make software powerful and scalable. And ad-hoc customizations pollute the codebase, increase entropy, and decrease maintainability over time.

Of course, this principle is at odds with "Always be Scoping" which advocates to reduce scope and ship the MVP that solves the specific customer problem.

This is where taste and skill of an FDE are crucial. We constantly must decide whether and how to generalize work that we do.

Do more

One of Ramp's six company values is "Amp it up", inspired by Frank Slootman's book of the same name. We deeply believe in this. Speed matters, and I believe Ramp's growth is largely due to this value. We see the massive opportunity to disrupt an industry, and believe that the greats who've made the best products in the world (e.g. Steve Jobs, Elon Musk) bring this mentality. Do More is about ambitiously pursuing opportunity and moving fast to get there.

Yet there is nuance in how to actually Do More. We specifically believe in keeping pace and iteration as high as possible. Especially when being so close to customers, where requirements are often flexible and uncertain, and where feedback is crucial. Perfect is the enemy of good. And incremental progress decreases thrash and increases momentum.

We also believe that you can Do More by taking on the perspective of extreme ownership. We are responsible for customer outcomes. We are on the line if the product doesn't work well for them. We must find a way to get things done. I love this post which captures the essence of taking ownership.

We win when our customers win

We are nothing without our customers. We believe in Unreasonable Hospitality. We tie our team metrics to our customers and business outcomes as closely as possible, which keeps us grounded and connected to the original reason our team was created.

We see how the natural force of organizational growth segregates engineers from customers, and we believe that FDE creates a conduit for bringing more customer-first mentality into the engineering org. We have the benefit of serving our largest customers and more complex deals, which we find engineers and product managers across the organization are often interested to learn from.

How we hire FDEs

In order to cultivate a team that serves the above goals and principles, we have taken an opinionated approach to hiring. Below are the main axes that we evaluate FDE candidates on:

Drive and work ethic

Folks who work hard and are driven to achieve our team's and our customers' goals will figure out what's needed and do what it takes to simply get things done. We've found that this is the single best predictor of real-world performance. And we're not the only ones who have noticed this. See Marc Andreessen's hire people with drive and Alex Wang's hire people who give a shit.

Engineering fundamentals

We are an engineering team. We spend most of our time building features, many of which are shipped in the core product. It's important that candidates demonstrate competency in the basics of writing code that gets things done.

However, contrary to other hiring philosophies, we see technical performance as a bar to pass but avoid optimizing it further. We validate fundamentals — coding, debugging, data structures, system design — but don't over-index on "perfection."

Why? AI tooling makes it easier than ever to learn and execute on technical problems. If you're driven and otherwise aligned with the FDE role, you can figure it out. We've seen candidates who performed just okay (mixed/soft yeses) in coding interviews turn out to be incredible FDEs once they joined because they hustled, learned, and shipped a ton.

Customer empathy

This specifically means that a candidate can understand what a customer is feeling and has the emotional intelligence to know how to interact smoothly with them. This is crucial because FDEs must be able to handle tense situations, such as delays, bugs, and de-scoping. FDEs must negotiate scope and ensure that we are building exactly the right things for our customers. FDEs must be able to give an enthusiastic yes to rational customer requests while pushing back against unreasonable ones.

Though previous experience in a customer-facing role helps, it's actually not necessary. We've found that there are other signals that are predictive of someone having the capacity to do this well. For example, roles where a candidate has been responsible for the success of others. We find that folks who have been instructors or teaching assistants (and actually enjoyed it) have the ability and interest to do this well. Or if they've gravitated towards work that enables others in previous jobs, such as an internal platform team where they get very close to their users.

Great communication

FDEs spend a lot of time talking directly with customers and with other teams. We are probably the most cross-functional and comms-heavy engineering team in the org. It's important that we hire people who are great listeners and can clearly communicate their thoughts in a compelling way. When we interview folks, we're looking to come away with assessments such as the following:

"The candidate is exceptionally clear in conveying their ideas. I easily grasp everything they explain, and learned something from just speaking with them."

"The candidate has eloquence, clarity, and comfort in communication that would make me excited to have them leading a meeting with a customer."

Of the 16 FDEs on the team, 7 of us are previous founders! If you have entrepreneurial or early-stage startup experience or aspirations, we find this has especially high relevance for FDE.

Conclusion

Here are the key takeaways:

Forward Deployed Engineering is a strategic unlock for modern B2B companies. It will differ depending on company size, ICP, and ownership boundaries with other functions like solutions. And there are caveats for when it's not applicable (consumer products, PLG-only companies, etc.). But at it's core, it remains the same — engineers who deliver value directly to customers with the highest speed and quality.

Customer proximity drives better outcomes. Embedding engineers across the customer lifecycle (from sales to support) ensures deeper understanding, better scoping, and faster delivery.

The best FDEs blend technical ability with ownership and empathy. When recruiting for this role, what matters most isn't technical perfection — it's drive, communication, and the will to solve customer problems end-to-end.

Scoping and generalization are the art of the role. Knowing when to MVP a quick fix vs. build a scalable solution is where FDEs exercise the most judgment and impact.

The next generation of B2B companies will be won by engineering teams that are as customer-focused as they are technically strong. FDE is one of the most exciting new roles in tech that is gaining traction and demand for talent at top-tier companies. I expect to see high growth and demand for the role in the years ahead, and its establishment as a crucial function in most B2B companies.

---

An Internship on Ramp's Forward Deployed Engineering Team

Alex Noviello

–

August 21, 2025

Starting My FDE Internship

My internship on Ramp's Forward Deployed Engineering team (FDE) has been a great learning experience for me as an engineer and aspiring entrepreneur. FDE at Ramp was created to build product features that solve the problems of Ramp's largest enterprise customers. Learn more about FDE here.

In my first week, I was immediately assigned to help address an enterprise customer's concern, unlocking the potential to add millions of dollars per month in additional Bill Pay spend. FDE requires the technical flexibility to work across the entire Ramp codebase, the speed to ship good products before customer deadlines, and the business sense to understand customer problems in order to design the most efficient solutions. The art of scoping a customer request from a vague ask to an actionable feature request through understanding pain points was one of the most impressive skills I saw my teammates demonstrate right from the start of my internship!

After shipping my first code on day 3, I was introduced to my full internship project: automatic hotel receipt retrieval.

Automatic Hotel Receipt Retrieval Project

Each year, Ramp's enterprise customers alone spend tens of millions of dollars on hotel stays for their employees. Retrieving "folios" (hotel receipts) for these transactions generally requires an employee to request a copy after their stay. We understand that the last thing a busy employee wants to do after a long business trip is to manually acquire and upload a receipt onto their expense management system. As a result, many customers do not strictly enforce a folio requirement for hotel transactions and many folios are never uploaded to Ramp. Since folios are the official source of tax information for these transactions, companies miss out on millions of dollars of tax refunds from Canada, the EU, and the UK every year (VAT-systems offer significant tax rebates for employee lodging).

My project was to investigate and implement solutions for retrieving hotel folios automatically without employee involvement after stays. I started with an investigation into project value-add, identifying that we could save over $400,000 yearly in tax rebates for a single enterprise customer and hundreds of work hours for the company's finance team. This extrapolates to tens of millions of dollars of potential savings across Ramp's entire customer base and tens of thousands of hours saved. With that in mind, I started work on the first sub-problem of matching employee hotel bookings with Ramp card transactions.

Matching Hotel Bookings with Ramp Transactions

Large enterprises almost always employ a "travel management company" (TMC) to handle travel bookings for their employees. Company employees log in to their TMC platform to book flights, hotels, and car rentals using their Ramp card.

Prior to my internship, FDE had developed a framework for integrating with these TMCs, automatically fetching booking data to enrich card transaction data. The TMC integrations complete this work in the following steps:

Ingest TMC booking data via polling their REST APIs or receiving it via a webhook.

Process raw booking data into standardized records in a Ramp schema.

Match booking data with corresponding Ramp card transactions. This requires doing fuzzy bipartite matching between bookings and transactions to obtain as many correct 1:1 matches between bookings and transactions as possible.

Tag transactions with information obtained from the booking data, including memos, accounting data, users, and more.

Basic diagram of Ramp TMC integration pipeline.

One major problem with the existing TMC integrations pipeline was that the match rate for hotel bookings to corresponding Ramp transactions was very low at only approximately 20% relative to the 90%+ match rate for flights. My project was to improve the matching procedure for hotels to increase this match rate as much as possible. Why was there such a discrepancy between flight and hotel match rates? Flight data generally exhibits consistent prices and similar times between bookings and transactions, whereas prices, payment dates, hotel names, and even user/card identification information varies considerably between hotel bookings and transactions. As a result, fuzzy matching on multiple features is necessary to achieve a high match rate. Additionally, since not all hotel bookings made on TMCs are ultimately paid with Ramp cards and not all hotel-related card transactions are related to TMC bookings, it is very challenging to quantify the total accuracy of any matching algorithm. In other words, we cannot accurately generate a correct "confusion matrix" for results.

Matching Ramp card transactions with booking data from TMCs is a tricky unsupervised bipartite matching problem with no way to correctly assess the total quantity of correct matches or the true quality of any specific match.

I spent several weeks of my internship primarily thinking about this problem, in addition to managing incoming travel-related requests from one of Ramp's largest customers. I experimented with a wide variety of solutions to this hotel booking/transaction matching problem, including heuristic-based and pure ML approaches. My final solution reached an over 80% true positive match rate across a variety of enterprise booking practices, while minimizing incorrect matches using very conservative match thresholding.

My ultimate solution utilized the Gale-Shapley stable matching algorithm with partial preference lists, a variety of important pre- and post-matching filters for ensuring that only very high confidence matches are made, and a tuned linear model for weighting relevant features to compute scores.

The Gale–Shapley stable matching algorithm pairs elements in two sets, A and B, one-to-one. Each item in both sets has a "preference list" or an ordering of items in the opposite set. Items in A propose to items in B in order of preference, while items in B accept the best offer they've seen so far. Critically, items in B can later drop an existing match for a better match. This process continues until all objects are matched and guarantees a "stable" outcome where no two objects would rather be with each other than their assigned partners.

In our use case, sets A and B are the set of bookings and the set of transactions, which are different sizes. Furthermore, each item's preference list only consists of a subset of items in the other set that pass pre-filters (this is a slight modification to the original algorithm). Preferences are ordered based on match scores, which are computed using a trained linear model.

To train the underlying feature weighting linear model, I utilized derivative-free optimization methods with an objective based on the following components:

Maximize total matches – the more matches we make, the more value the integration system adds to the customer.

Minimize a hinge loss penalty – each element should clearly prefer its chosen match over the second best match. This serves as a proxy for match confidence and correctness.

Minimize an additional "candidate penalty" – tune a learnable score threshold to separate matches and disincentivize matches from having multiple possible candidates above this threshold. This score threshold can be adjusted to trade-off match quality vs. quantity.

While it took me several attempts to achieve this final algorithm, the resulting solution is stable, effective, and has been deployed into production for some of Ramp's largest customers.

Implementing Automatic Receipt Retrieval

After completing work on hotel matching, I spent the remainder of my internship focused on actually fetching receipts from hotels automatically. While scoping, I was able to determine that over a third of all Ramp hotel-related receipts and closer to 40% for enterprise customers come from only a few large hotel chains. These chains offer forms on their websites that allow for requesting hotel folios directly. For other hotel receipts, however, fetching receipts can only be done via emails and, most often, direct phone calls. Given this data, I began exploring how to use browser agents to submit web forms and voice agents to call hotels on behalf of customers in order to retrieve receipts automatically.

I was able to quickly build and ship prototypes for fetching receipts, relying on new infrastructure work developed by our Employee Experience and Applied AI teams. I found this work to be a very different flavor than my past work on hotel matching, emphasizing the variety of exciting projects that Ramp engineers regularly undertake. In my case, I utilized Playwright and Stagehand, an LLM-powered browser agent library, both of which enable powerful browser automations. While most static forms can be filled out automatically with hard-coded xpaths and other HTML selectors via Playwright, Selenium, or other tools, LLM-driven semantic selection and action on form pages can be useful in ensuring stability in the event of target form or website updates. We generally advocate the approach of building static form automation scripts backed up by LLM-powered tools in the event of errors. This provides the fastest, cheapest, and most stable approach overall. Browser agents are already being deployed at Ramp and for some of our enterprise customers, with plans for larger roll-out on the immediate horizon.

The underlying Ramp internal voice agent infrastructure is based on Pipecat, an open source framework for building voice agents, and integrates Twilio, Deepgram speech-to-text, OpenAI GPT for response text generation, and ElevenLabs text-to-speech, over websocket. This results in an agent that speaks in real-time, sounds like a human, and is able to effectively communicate with humans over the phone to request that hotel receipts be sent to their owners. All voice AI agents communicate their identity as an AI at the start of each conversation and receipts are only ever sent to their owner's email address. Voice agents are still experimental but the hotel receipt retrieval use case is an excellent demonstration of the far-reaching possibilities for deploying this technology.

After a receipt lands in an inbox, Ramp's existing mail inbox integrations are able to effectively capture it and pair it with the correct corresponding card transaction. Watching my code in action, fetching and retrieving receipts for real hotel stays in the browser was really fun, as was practicing folio retrieval with our Ramp voice agents on the phone!

Key Learnings

My biggest takeaways from my Ramp internship correspond to some of the FDE team principles outlined in our team blog post:

Always be Scoping – During my Ramp internship, one of the most impactful skills I learned was how to scope problems more effectively, enabling me to impact and solve business problems using my technical skills. As an aspiring entrepreneur, this is a critical skill for me to learn and my desire to learn how to work on solving problems directly for customers brought me to FDE in the first place.

Do More – Velocity and speed of incremental progress is very important at Ramp and by the end of my internship I learned to "ship" code faster and in smaller chunks to speed up my overall work output. My natural inclination is to build components of projects to total perfection and to ship large amounts of code in bulk, but I learned that this mindset ultimately results in slower progress. A better mindset and the Ramp one is to ship good work as fast as possible, gather feedback from customers for iteration, and ship incrementally such that progress compounds as opposed to experiencing only linear growth. I expect to take this mindset with me in my career and potentially as an entrepreneur one day.

Apart from these lessons & takeaways, I also learned the importance of a great team! Ramp's FDE team is a group of incredibly talented, but also fun and compassionate individuals with whom I was lucky to work with this summer. It is really amazing what such a team can accomplish when working together toward shared goals!

Reproducing the Ramp logo at our team offsite in Sonoma!

Reflection

As I approached the end part of my internship, Ramp & FDE had one last surprise. In my 10th week of my internship, I had the wonderful opportunity to join FDE for an offsite, glamping in Sonoma, California! I had not visited the San Francisco area for over a decade and really enjoyed the trip, getting to know everyone on the team even better, playing way too much cornhole, watching comets in the sky, exploring the Sonoma area, and even riding a Waymo for the first time in SF.

My Ramp internship was an excellent learning experience for me as I continue to think about my career moving forward. I highly recommend working at Ramp to other software engineer interns who are looking for an opportunity to join a fast-paced, rapidly growing team with a strong engineering culture. A special shoutout to my manager Lachlan for making me feel welcome and for supporting me throughout the entire course of the summer!
