Ramp



Software Engineer Internship | Backend

Location

New York, NY (HQ)

Employment Type

Intern

Location Type

Hybrid

Department

Engineering

Compensation

$11.7K per month

The final compensation will depend on the location and level at which the candidate is hired.

Overview

Application

About Ramp

At Ramp, we're rethinking how modern finance teams function in the age of AI. We believe AI isn't just the next big wave. It's the new foundation for how business gets done. We're investing in that future — and in the people bold enough to build it.

Ramp is a financial operations platform designed to save companies time and money. Our all-in-one solution combines payments, corporate cards, vendor management, procurement, travel booking, and automated bookkeeping with built-in intelligence to maximize the impact of every dollar and hour spent. More than 45,000 businesses, from family-owned farms to e-commerce giants to space startups, have saved $10B and 27.5M hours with Ramp. Founded in 2019, Ramp powers the fastest-growing corporate card and bill payment platform in America, and enables over $100 billion in purchases each year.

Ramp's investors include Thrive Capital, Sands Capital, General Catalyst, Founders Fund, Khosla Ventures, Sequoia Capital, Greylock, and Redpoint, as well as over 100 angel investors who were founders or executives of leading companies. The Ramp team comprises talented leaders from leading financial services and fintech companies—Stripe, Affirm, Goldman Sachs, American Express, Mastercard, Visa, Capital One—as well as technology companies such as Meta, Uber, Netflix, Twitter, Dropbox, and Instacart.

Ramp has been named to Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies list and LinkedIn's Top U.S. Startups for more than 3 years, as well as the Forbes Cloud 100, CNBC Disruptor 50, and TIME Magazine's 100 Most Influential Companies.

NOTE: This is for Summer 2026, we'll start hiring for Fall 2026 internships in January :)

Explore our Engineering Blog & Emerging Talent Blog for insights into our tech and values!

About the Role

Ramp is, at its core, an engineering company, and is on a mission to build the best engineering team in the US! We are looking for backend engineering interns (12 or 16 weeks) who are excited to be part of our story and help us build a diverse and vibrant tech community. We hire engineers with a broad set of technical skills, who are highly cross-functional, and eager to solve a wide range of engineering challenges. Our ideal candidate has a strong sense of ownership and enjoys owning projects from inception to scaling them in production. We value people who take pride in their work, and show an aptitude for learning quickly whether they're familiar with our stack or not. You'll be working with a nimble team of committed and talented engineers and having a large, long-term impact on technical design and engineering culture.

What You'll Do

Build performant and scalable platforms and services powering Ramp's innovative products

Contribute to Ramp's financial products platform (Risk, Fraud, Treasury Management) and/or savings and web-app platform (Savings Insights, Receipt Matching)

Work closely with product and business teams to understand customer feedback in order to constantly improve our product

Help establish and influence engineering process, tools, and systems that will allow us to scale the code base, productivity, and the team

What You'll Need

Currently pursuing a B.S. (or higher) in Computer Science or a related technical field, with an expected graduation date between Dec 2026 - 2028

Track record of shipping high quality products and features or a portfolio of side projects

Ability to turn business and product ideas into engineering solutions

Desire to work in a fast-paced environment, continuously grow, and master your craft

Alignment with Ramp's core values of enabling businesses to grow more by spending less

Nice to Haves

Familiarity with or desire to learn our tech stack, which includes (but isn't limited to): Flask, SQLAlchemy, PostgreSQL, Celery, Temporal, Elixir, AWS, RabbitMQ

Experience with or interest in Python

Passion for, or curiosity to learn, financial technology

Compensation

The monthly rate for this internship is $11,700 USD + housing stipend

Ramp Benefits

Apple MacBook

Catered Lunches in NYC office Monday through Friday

Benefits (for U.S.-based full-time employees)

100% medical, dental & vision insurance coverage for you

Partially covered for your dependents

One Medical annual membership

401k (including employer match on contributions made while employed by Ramp)

Flexible PTO

Fertility HRA (up to $5,000 per year)

WFH stipend to support your home office needs

Wellness stipend

Parental Leave

Relocation support to NYC or SF (as needed)

Pet insurance

Referral Instructions

If you are being referred for the role, please contact that person to apply on your behalf.

Other notices

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Ramp Applicant Privacy Notice

Apply for this Job

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Powered by 

Privacy PolicySecurityVulnerability Disclosure

