Sophomore Internship – Summer 2026

New York, NY, United States

Hudson River Trading (HRT) is seeking exceptional early talent for our premier Sophomore Summer Internship Program. Sophomore interns will have the unique opportunity to rotate through both the Algorithm Development (Quant Research) and Software Engineering teams, gaining exposure to both areas while contributing to a wide range of impactful projects. 



Interns will dive into cutting-edge quantitative modeling during the Algorithm Development rotation, building tools to understand and predict market behavior. In the Software Engineering rotation, they'll tackle challenging technical projects that power research and trading at HRT.



We are looking for quantitatively-driven problem-solvers across programming, science, and math who are excited to solve the most challenging problems in our field.



What to Expect



Work on impactful projects in close collaboration with experienced mentors

Attend and participate in Tech Talks that provide an overview of markets and HRT's trading philosophy

Enjoy a curriculum of speakers, trading games, mentorships, and social events throughout the summer

Qualifications



You are a full-time student in a quantitative and/or technical discipline who is eligible for full-time roles in 2028

Experience programming in Python, C, or C++

Experience with statistical analysis, numerical programming, or machine learning in Python, Pandas/Numpy, R, and/or MATLAB

Strong communication skills

Weekly base salary of $5,800 in addition to company-paid housing, meals, and other perks.



Culture



Hudson River Trading (HRT) brings a scientific approach to trading financial products. We have built one of the world's most sophisticated computing environments for research and development. Our researchers are at the forefront of innovation in the world of algorithmic trading.



At HRT we welcome a variety of expertise: mathematics and computer science, physics and engineering, media and tech. We're a community of self-starters who are motivated by the excitement of being at the cutting edge of automation in every part of our organization—from trading, to business operations, to recruiting and beyond. We value openness and transparency, and celebrate great ideas from HRT veterans and new hires alike. At HRT we're friends and colleagues – whether we are sharing a meal, playing the latest board game, or writing elegant code. We embrace a culture of togetherness that extends far beyond the walls of our office.



Feel like you belong at HRT? Our goal is to find the best people and bring them together to do great work in a place where everyone is valued. HRT is proud of our diverse staff; we have offices all over the globe and benefit from our varied and unique perspectives. HRT is an equal opportunity employer; so whoever you are we'd love to get to know you.

