Skip to main content

Microsoft

Careers

Locations  Professions   Programs   Life at Microsoft  Hiring tips

Search 

Sign in

Microsoft

Job you selected

Software Engineer: AI/ML Intern Opportunities for University Students, Redmond

3 months ago

Redmond, Washington, United States

3 days / week in-office

Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahea...

See details

Software Engineer: AI/ML Intern Opportunities for University Students, Redmond

Redmond, Washington, United States

Save

Share job

Date posted

Aug 14, 2025

Job number

1860979

Work site

3 days / week in-office

Travel

0-25 %

Role type

Individual Contributor

Profession

Software Engineering

Discipline

Software Engineering

Employment type

Internship

Overview

Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead.   

As a Software Engineering Intern on AI and/or ML projects, you will work with teammates to solve problems and build innovative software solutions. You will apply your passion for customers and product quality as you provide technical guidance to Technical Program Managers and Product Managers. You will learn and adopt relevant new technologies, tools, methods, and processes to leverage in your solutions. You will also consider the impact of AI technology, including applying Microsoft's responsible AI practices. This opportunity will enable you to advance your career by designing, developing, and testing next-generation software that will empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more.  

At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You'll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology.  

Microsoft's mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.  

Please note this application is only for internships based in our Redmond, Washington office. For internships in other offices in the United States, please see our Careers site. 

Qualifications

Required Qualifications 

Enrolled in a full time bachelor's or master's program in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field during the academic term immediately before the internship.   

Must have at least 1 semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. 

One year of programming experience in an object-oriented language. 

Preferred Qualifications 

Ability to demonstrate an understanding of computer science fundamentals, including data structures and algorithms and AI/machine learning concepts.   

Demonstrated interest in AI and/or ML technologies. 

Familiarity with AI frameworks and libraries like TensorFlow, PyTorch, or scikit-learn.   

Experience in using AI tools to generate projects, such as GitHub Copilot, Claude code, Microsoft Roo Code or similar, with an understanding of their strengths and limitations. 

 

The base pay range for this internship is USD $5610.00 - $11010.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7270.00 - $12030.00 per month.

Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay

Microsoft accepts applications and processes offers for these roles on an ongoing basis throughout the academic calendar (August-April).

 

 

#EiP

Responsibilities

Applies engineering principles and AI principles to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering.    

Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature.  

Understands and applies Microsoft's responsible AI practices to ensure the systems you work on meet our commitments to our customers. 

Quickly learns new engineering methods, emerging AI and machine learning techniques and incorporates them into work processes.    

Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions.    

Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment.  

Reviews current developments and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale.  

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.

Industry leading healthcareEducational resourcesDiscounts on products and servicesSavings and investmentsMaternity and paternity leaveGenerous time awayGiving programsOpportunities to network and connect

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.

English | FR - Canada

Support

Accessibility

Microsoft Data Privacy Notice

Legal policies

Contractor roles

Your Privacy Choices

Privacy

Trademarks

Terms of use

© Microsoft 2025
