Figma Logo

Back to jobs

Software Engineer Intern (2026)

San Francisco, CA • New York, NY

Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma's platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!



We're looking for software engineering interns who are excited to make an impact across different layers of our product and infrastructure. At Figma, we pair interns with teams that align with their skills and interests. This year, we're inviting you to share your interests from the start, so we can create the strongest possible match



Our interns are embedded into small, collaborative engineering teams across the company. You'll work closely with your mentor and teammates to ship meaningful features, tools, or systems. Whether you're working on internal infrastructure or user-facing features, you'll get to learn, contribute, and grow in a supportive environment.



This internship will be based out of our San Francisco or New York hub.



Areas of Engineering at Figma:



When you apply, you'll tell us which areas you're most interested in to help us find the best team match.



Product: Builds core features across Figma Design, FigJam, Dev Mode, Slides, Draw, Buzz, Sites, and Make.

Tech Platform: Develops internal tools and systems to help teams ship faster, including the Monetization pillar that powers Enterprise, Billing, and Growth initiatives.

Infrastructure: Keeps Figma fast, reliable, and scalable behind the scenes.

Security: Builds secure systems and protects Figma's users and data.

Desktop: Brings Figma to macOS and windows with a seamless, high-performance experience.

What You'll Do at Figma:



Be fully embedded onto a Figma engineering team

Contribute to projects that directly align with team goals and impact

Collaborate with engineers, PMs, designers, and QA to break down features and plan timelines

Build, document, and maintain tests, features, or infrastructure

Share feedback and participate in peer code review

Ship your project(s) by the end of your internship!

Some Past Intern Projects:



Diagramming improvements in FigJam

Smart selection

Shared fonts

We'd Love to Hear From You If You:



Have experience writing clean code in at least one general-purpose language (e.g. C++, JavaScript, Python, Java, etc.)

Are comfortable with core CS concepts like data structures and algorithms

Have worked on projects through school, work, or personal exploration that required solving technical problems

Are excited to explore how systems are designed and operate, from infrastructure to UI

Communicate well, ask great questions, and enjoy collaborating with others

Are excited to learn, get feedback, and grow as an engineer

At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you're excited about this role but your past experience doesn't align perfectly with the points above, we still encourage you to apply - you may be the right fit for this or another opportunity.



Pay Transparency Disclosure



This internship role is based in either Figma's San Francisco or New York hub offices, and has the hourly base pay rate stated below.  Figma also offers interns a housing stipend and travel reimbursement. Figma's compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.



Internship

$51.06 - $51.06 USD

At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.



We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-ext@figma.com. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities. 



Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to: 



Holding interviews in an accessible location

Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing

Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers

Changing the mode or format of interviews 

To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.



By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice.



Create a Job Alert

Interested in building your career at Figma? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email.

Create alert

Apply for this job

*

indicates a required field

First Name*



Last Name*



Email*



Phone

Country*







Phone*



Resume/CV*

Attach

Enter manually

Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf

Full legal name:*



Preferred First Name



Pronouns



If you'd like to, please let us know your pronouns.



How did you connect with us?*

Select...







If you are currently enrolled in university or a program, what is your expected graduation date?*

Select...







Which internship season would you most like to join us for? *



Winter (January 2026 start)



Summer (May or June 2026 start)

Select your first choice of teams*

Select...







This does not change your application, it simply routes you to the correct recruiter.



Select your second choice of teams*

Select...







Select your third choice of teams*

Select...







Why are you most excited about your top-ranked team?*



Would you be open to being considered for other teams based on your skills or background?*

Select...







Why do you want to join Figma?*



Please share 3-4 sentences on why you want to join Figma



LinkedIn Profile



Other Website



Are you authorized to work in the country for which you applied? *

Select...







Have you ever worked for Figma before, as an employee or a contractor/consultant? *

Select...







Voluntary Self-Identification

For government reporting purposes, we ask candidates to respond to the below self-identification survey. Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.



As set forth in Figma's Equal Employment Opportunity policy, we do not discriminate on the basis of any protected group status under any applicable law.

Gender

Select...





Are you Hispanic/Latino?

Select...





Race & Ethnicity Definitions

If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows:



A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.



A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.



An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.



An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.

Veteran Status

Select...





Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability

Form CC-305

Page 1 of 1

OMB Control Number 1250-0005

Expires 04/30/2026



Why are you being asked to complete this form?

We are a federal contractor or subcontractor. The law requires us to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We have a goal of having at least 7% of our workers as people with disabilities. The law says we must measure our progress towards this goal. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had one. People can become disabled, so we need to ask this question at least every five years.



Completing this form is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer is confidential. No one who makes hiring decisions will see it. Your decision to complete the form and your answer will not harm you in any way. If you want to learn more about the law or this form, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.



How do you know if you have a disability?

A disability is a condition that substantially limits one or more of your "major life activities." If you have or have ever had such a condition, you are a person with a disability. Disabilities include, but are not limited to:



Alcohol or other substance use disorder (not currently using drugs illegally)

Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, HIV/AIDS

Blind or low vision

Cancer (past or present)

Cardiovascular or heart disease

Celiac disease

Cerebral palsy

Deaf or serious difficulty hearing

Diabetes

Disfigurement, for example, disfigurement caused by burns, wounds, accidents, or congenital disorders

Epilepsy or other seizure disorder

Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, irritable bowel syndrome

Intellectual or developmental disability

Mental health conditions, for example, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD

Missing limbs or partially missing limbs

Mobility impairment, benefiting from the use of a wheelchair, scooter, walker, leg brace(s) and/or other supports

Nervous system condition, for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson's disease, multiple sclerosis (MS)

Neurodivergence, for example, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder, dyslexia, dyspraxia, other learning disabilities

Partial or complete paralysis (any cause)

Pulmonary or respiratory conditions, for example, tuberculosis, asthma, emphysema

Short stature (dwarfism)

Traumatic brain injury

Disability Status

Select...





PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.

Powered by

