Explore Program Internship Opportunities: First-Year Students, Redmond
United States, Washington, Redmond
Apply now

Add to cart


Find out how well you match with this job

Upload your resume

Job description

Company and benefits
Job number
200006906
Date posted
Nov 18, 2025
Work site
Fully on-site
Travel
Less than 25%
Profession
Software Engineering
Discipline
Software Engineering
Role type
Individual Contributor
Employment type
Internship
Overview
Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead.   
As an Explorer Intern, you will experience the primary phases of the product development cycle: design, build, and quality. You will work in a pod with other Explorer Interns as you gain experience in software engineering, product management, and technical program management. This opportunity will allow you to explore various roles in a collaborative learning environment, enhance your problem-solving skills, and learn through mentoring, community building, and networking opportunities. 
At Microsoft, Explorer Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You’ll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology. 
As an intern at Microsoft, you’re stepping into a world of real impact from day one. You’ll collaborate with global teams on meaningful projects, explore cutting-edge technologies like AI, and kick start your career while doing it. With a strong focus on learning and development, this is your opportunity to grow your skills, build community, and shape your future—all while being supported every step of the way.
Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond. 


Responsibilities
Gains hands-on experience with various software development tools and programming languages. 
Works closely with manager, mentors, and a group of interns to evaluate requirements, estimate costs, and create and implement features and services.
Experiences core tech disciplines (Software Engineering, Product Management, and Technical Program Management). 


Qualifications
Required Qualifications
Currently pursuing full time Bachelor’s degree. 
Must be enrolled in first year of a 4-year undergraduate degree program at time of application. 
Completed an Introduction to Computer Science course (or equivalent class) as well as one semester of calculus (or equivalent) by the start of the program. 
Preferred Qualifications
Demonstrated interest in majoring in computer science, computer engineering, software engineering, or related technical major.  
The base pay range for this internship is USD $25.58 - $47.04 per hour. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $36.85 - $52.96 per hour.

Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-intern-pay
