Meta

Jobs

Teams

Career Programs

Working at Meta

Blog

Meta

R

Back to all jobs

Software Engineer, Intern/Co-op

Bellevue, WA +3 locations

Engineering

+1 more

Want to build new features and improve existing products that more than a billion people around the world use? Are you interested in working on highly impactful technical challenges to help the world be more open and connected? Want to solve unique, large-scale, highly complex technical problems? Our development cycle is extremely fast, and we've built tools to keep it that way. It's common to write code and have it running live on the site just hours later. We push code to the site continuously and have small teams that build products that are touched by millions of people around the world. If you work for us, you will be able to make an impact immediately. Meta is seeking Software Engineer Interns to join our engineering team. As a Software Engineer at Meta, you'll drive the development of the systems behind Meta's products, create web applications that reach billions of people, build high volume servers and be a part of a team that's working to help people connect with each other around the globe. This internship/co-op has a minimum twelve (12) week duration.

Software Engineer, Intern/Co-op Responsibilities

Develop and push production-ready code by quickly ramping on assigned codebase, product area, and/or system

Complete assigned tasks efficiently with few iterations

Identify problem statements, outline optimal solutions, account for tradeoffs and edge cases

Communicate effectively across multiple stakeholders

Minimum Qualifications

Currently enrolled in a full-time, degree-seeking program and in the process of obtaining a Bachelors or Masters degree in computer science or a related field

Experience coding in an industry-standard language (e.g. Java, Python, C++, Objective-C, JavaScript)

Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment

Preferred Qualifications

Demonstrated software engineering experience from a previous internship, work experience, coding competitions, or publications

Intent to return to degree-program after the completion of the internship/co-op

Locations

Data Center

About Meta

Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics.

$7,313/month to $12,134/month + benefits

Individual compensation is determined by skills, qualifications, experience, and location. Compensation details listed in this posting reflect the base hourly rate, monthly rate, or annual salary only, and do not include bonus, equity or sales incentives, if applicable. In addition to base compensation, Meta offers benefits. Learn more about benefits at Meta.

Equal Employment Opportunity

Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. You may view our Equal Employment Opportunity notice here.

Meta is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, fill out the Accommodations request form.

