Amazon Jobs home page





My career

Software Development Engineer Internship - Summer 2026 (Canada)

Job ID: 3116034 | Amazon Development Centre Canada ULC - K03

Description

By applying to this position, your application will only be considered for our summer Software Development Engineer (SDE) internship roles. Our summer intern roles have start dates in May/June 2026 and are 12 weeks in duration.



Do you want to solve real customer problems through innovative technology? Do you enjoy working on scalable services in a collaborative team environment? Do you want to see your code directly impact millions of customers worldwide?



At Amazon, we hire the best minds in technology to innovate and build on behalf of our customers. Customer obsession is part of our company DNA, which has made us one of the world's most beloved brands.



Our SDE interns use modern technology to solve complex problems while seeing their work's impact first-hand. The challenges SDE interns solve at Amazon are meaningful and influence millions of customers, sellers, and products globally. We seek individuals passionate about creating new products, features, and services while managing ambiguity in an environment where development cycles are measured in weeks, not years.



At Amazon, we believe in ownership at every level. As a SDE intern, you'll own the entire lifecycle of your code - from design through deployment and ongoing operations. This ownership mindset, combined with our commitment to operational excellence, ensures we deliver the highest quality solutions for our customers.



We're looking for curious minds who think big and want to define tomorrow's technology. At Amazon, you'll grow into the high-impact engineer you know you can be, supported by a culture of learning and mentorship. Every day brings exciting new challenges and opportunities for personal growth.



Amazon internships across all seasons are full-time positions, and interns should expect to work in office, Monday-Friday, up to 40 hours per week typically between 8am-5pm. Specific team norms around working hours will be communicated by your manager. Interns should not have conflicts such as classes or other employment during the Amazon work-day. Applicants should have a minimum of one quarter/semester/trimester remaining in their studies after their internship concludes.



We will take your location preferences into consideration. Preferences are based on business availability and are not guaranteed. Applicants will be considered at all locations we host interns in the Canada including but not limited to:



Vancouver, BC; Toronto, ON; Winnipeg, MN; Victoria, BC; Ottawa, ON; Calgary, AB



***Locations are subject to change. ***



During your application, you will have the opportunity to highlight your expertise in one or more of these specialized areas



• Machine Learning • Distributed Systems and Data Management • Database Systems • Quantum Computing • Network Development • Query Processing and Optimization • Automated Reasoning • Embedded Systems • Data Engineering • Mobile Development • Game Development



While team placement is based on business needs, sharing your specific skills and interests helps us better align your experience with potential roles.



Key job responsibilities

• Collaborate and communicate effectively with experienced cross-disciplinary Amazonians to design, build, and operate innovative products and services that delight our customers, while participating in technical discussions to drive solutions forward.

• Design and develop scalable solutions using cloud-native architectures and microservices in a large distributed computing environment.

• Participate in code reviews and contribute to technical documentation.

• Build and maintain resilient distributed systems that are scalable, fault-tolerant, and cost-effective.

• Leverage and contribute to the development of GenAI and AI-powered tools to enhance development productivity while staying current with emerging technologies.

• Write clean, maintainable code following best practices and design patterns.

• Work in an agile environment practicing CI/CD principles while participating in operational responsibilities.

• Demonstrate operational excellence through monitoring, troubleshooting, and resolving production issues.



A day in the life

As an intern, you will be matched to a manager and a mentor and will have the opportunity to influence the evolution of Amazon technology and lead critical projects early in your career.



In addition to working on an impactful project, you will have the opportunity to engage with Amazonians for both personal and professional development, expand your network, and participate in activities with other interns throughout your internship. No matter the location of your internship, we give you the tools to own your project and learn in a real-world setting.

Basic Qualifications

- Are 18 years of age or older

- Experience with at least one general-purpose programming language such as Java, Python, C++, C#, Go, Rust, or TypeScript

- Experience with data structure implementation, basic algorithm development, and/or object-oriented design principles

- Are enrolled in a Bachelor's degree or above in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Science, Information Systems, or related STEM fields

- Able to work 40 hours/week and commit to a 12-week internship

- Expected conferral date between October 2026 – September 2029

Preferred Qualifications

- Experience from previous technical internship(s) or demonstrated project experience

- Experience with one or more of the following: AI tools for development, productivity, Cloud platforms (preferably AWS), Database systems (SQL and NoSQL), Contributing to open-source projects, Version control systems, Debugging and troubleshooting complex systems

- Debugging and troubleshooting complex systems

- Demonstrated ability to learn and adapt to new technologies quickly

- Basic understanding of software development lifecycle (SDLC)

- Strong problem-solving and analytical skills

- Excellent written and verbal communication skills



Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.



Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you're applying in isn't listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.



The base salary for this position ranges from $43.13/hr up to $72.02/hr. Salary is based on a number of factors and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Amazon is a total compensation company. Dependent on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. Applicants should apply via our internal or external career site.

Job details



CAN, BC, Vancouver

Internships for students

Software Development

Recommended jobs

Based on your recent activity, you may be interested in:



2025 Graduate Software Dev Engineer

Location: IT, Piedmont, Asti

Posted: September 3, 2025 (Updated about 1 month ago)

Software Dev Engineer Intern - AI/ML (Summer 2026), Artificial General Intelligence (AGI)

Location: US, Washington, Bellevue

Posted: November 5, 2025 (Updated 10 days ago)

Software Development Engineer, Amazon Stores

Location: US, Washington, Seattle

Posted: June 10, 2025 (Updated 5 months ago)

Software Development Engineer – 2026

Location: RO, Iasi

Posted: October 31, 2025 (Updated 16 days ago)

Software Engineer I

Location: US, California, San Francisco

Posted: October 17, 2025 (Updated 26 days ago)

Share this job

JOIN US ON

Find Careers

Job Categories

Teams

Locations

Military careers

Hourly

Working At Amazon

Culture

Benefits

Amazon Newsletter

Inclusive experiences

Leadership Principles

Help

FAQ

How We Hire

Application status

Accommodations

Legal disclosures and notices

Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.

Privacy and Data

Impressum

Cookies

© 1996-2025, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates

Notice of Right to Opt-Out Sharing



We use cookies and similar tools to provide and improve our site and your candidate experience. We also use operational cookies to make our site work. If you agree, we will set certain analytics cookies to help us improve our website as explained in our cookies notice, as well as set advertising cookies to display ads. Advertising cookies includes first and third-party cookies, which store or access standard device information such as a unique identifier. Third-parties use cookies to serve you with relevant advertisements and job recommendations based on your interactions with Amazon.Jobs and third-party sites. We will only set analytics or advertising cookies if you accept them. Select "Accept all" to consent or "Customize cookies" to make more detailed choices and learn more.



For more information about how we use cookies and information we collect, please navigate to your country's cookie notice (if applicable) via our Privacy Notice and Data Policy page.

