Overview

Come build community, explore your passions and do your best work at Microsoft with thousands of University interns from every corner of the world. This opportunity will allow you to bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead.   

As a Software Engineering Intern on AI and/or ML projects, you will work with teammates to solve problems and build innovative software solutions with a centred around leveraging AI technologies. You will apply your passion for customers and product quality as you provide technical guidance to Technical Program Managers and Product Managers. You will learn and adopt relevant new AI technologies, tools, methods, and processes to leverage in your solutions. You will also consider the impact of AI technology, including applying Microsoft's responsible AI practices. This opportunity will enable you to advance your career by designing, developing, and testing next-generation software that will empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more.  

At Microsoft, Interns work on real-world projects in collaboration with teams across the world, while having fun along the way. You'll be empowered to build community, explore your passions and achieve your goals. This is your chance to bring your solutions and ideas to life while working on cutting-edge technology.  

Microsoft's mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.  





Responsibilities

Applies engineering principles and AI techniques to solve complex problems through sound and creative engineering.    

Works with appropriate stakeholders to determine user requirements for a feature.  

Understands and applies Microsoft's responsible AI practices to ensure the systems you work on meet our commitments to our customers. 

Quickly learns new engineering methods, emerging AI and machine learning techniques and incorporates them into work processes.    

Seeks feedback and applies internal or industry best practices to improve technical solutions.    

Demonstrates skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment.  

Reviews current developments and proactively seeks new knowledge that will improve the availability, reliability, efficiency, observability, and performance of products while also driving consistency in monitoring and operations at scale.  





Qualifications

Required Qualifications:

Enrolled in a full time bachelor's or master's program in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field during the academic term immediately before the internship.  

Must have at least 1 semester/term remaining following the completion of the internship. 

One year of programming experience in an object-oriented language. 

Other Requirements:

Ability to submit an official or unofficial academic transcript as part of the evaluation process, if selected for interviews.

Preferred Qualifications:

Ability to demonstrate an understanding of computer science fundamentals, including data structures and algorithms and AI/machine learning concepts.  

Experience with AI/ML projects, such as developing machine learning models, working with large datasets, or implementing AI solutions in real-world applications. 

Familiarity with AI frameworks and libraries like TensorFlow, PyTorch, or scikit-learn.  

Experience in using AI tools to generate projects, such as GitHub Copilot, Claude code, Microsoft Roo Code or similar, with an understanding of their strengths and limitations. 

The base pay range for this internship is USD $5610.00 - $11010.00 per month. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $7270.00 - $12030.00 per month.

Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here:

https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay 

#EiP



This position will be open for a minimum of 5 days, with applications accepted on an ongoing basis until the position is filled.





Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance with religious accommodations and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.


